About every two or three minutes we prayed because the hurricane was so terrifying.
Imagine your house just lifted up into the air and flew away.
At that time, we were standing in order, so we just ran.
This is our kingdom hall.
When we saw that it was damaged, we were deeply affected because we realized we could not
meet here anymore with our brothers and sisters to sympathize with them.
That was very hard for us.
Even in this situation, I know we're not alone.
Even though our town was destroyed, I know our brothers, no matter where they are, will
come to help us.
The priority of disaster relief is for the Branch Committee to quickly appoint qualified
local brothers, respond to the first immediate needs of our brothers and sisters.
Of course, given support to our brothers and sisters, oftentimes means funds.
So it's the worldwide brotherhood, the Matthew 24-14 contributions that really do help.
Here in Haiti, many brothers are overjoyed that they can send something to help their
brothers.
There are brothers who have even donated beyond their means.
In our brotherhood, no matter where our brother is, if he is suffering from a disaster
or he has a problem, all the brothers feel as if they are also facing that problem.
We all do our best to support and help them.
We didn't have any way to make a bed to lie down.
Eventually, our sisters in the Pian congregation helped us out.
They ran up and made beds for us out of plywood that they would put on top of eight blocks,
and they brought sheets and pillows so that we could lie down.
That was very touching.
That kind deed our brothers did for us.
We truly felt that it was Jehovah coming to our aid at that moment.
They brought boxes of vivals, medical kits, food stuff, and besides that, they brought
several tents.
That helped the brothers that lost all that they had.
So that they could have shelter from the rain.
In one of the talks given by a governing body member, he showed that we have more difficult
situations ahead.
The only thing we can do is continue to rely on Jehovah.
A way we can help our brothers cope when they are in such a circumstance is to make them
realize that the kingdom hope, to refresh their memory, to make them really believe and
feel that it's the kingdom hope that's going to change all this.
They shared encouraging words in red Bible verses that really helped us to see the power
of God's word.
And that boosted our faith in the promises Jehovah made to remove all causes of suffering
that afflict us today.
Just like the Bible says, a righteous man's supplication has a powerful effect.
So the strength I regain makes me feel that the entire worldwide brotherhood is praying
for me.
I feel that it's that strength that has allowed me to resume my theocratic activities
with zeal.
As Jehovah's Witnesses, not only do we know that these things must take place since we
are deep in the last days, but we also know that our deliverance is closer.
I lost my livelihood.
It's all completely gone, but I've been so encouraged as if the hurricane never even
happened.
That's how I feel like it never even happened.
Many people say it would have been better if they died in the hurricane, but no matter
what sufferings we endure, we have hope.
We see beyond the suffering as see God's kingdom is coming.
This is extraordinary.
No matter what form suffering may take, we are
able to patiently endure because we know that suffering will not last forever.